RHDEVDOCS-3567 - Release notes for v1.3.2 (#40110)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-3-2.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * gitops/gitops-release-notes.adoc

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-3-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.3.2

> {gitops-title} 1.3.1 is now available on {product-title} 4.6, 4.7, 4.8, and 4.9.

Reviewer: Please change the release to 1.3.2

[id="fixed-issues-1-3-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Previously, in the `OperaturHub` if you filter by "Disconnected" under the *Infrastructure Features* the {gitops-title} did not appear, since it the Operator did not had the related annotation set in its CSV. The {gitops-title} is now annotated with "Disconnected Cluster" as an *Infrastructure Feature*.

Reviewer: `since it` should be changed to `since`.

> * When using an "Application-scoped" argocd (e.g. one that is not scoped to All Namepsaces in a cluster), the {gitops-title} dynamically maintains a list of managed namespaces. These namespaces includes the `argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by` label. This list of namespaces gets cached in argocd *Settings > Clusters > "in-cluster" > NAMESPACES*. However, if one of these namespaces gets deleted, the operator doesn't seem to notice, and the namespace remains in that list. This breaks both the *CONNECTION STATE* in that cluster config, and also all sync attempts after the namespace gets deleted. The sync will show errors. For example:

Reviewer: I am now confused, do we call it `application-scoped` Argo CD or `namespace scoped` Argo CD. Can you tell me where did you find the phrase `application-scoped` Argo CD ?

+
[source,text]
----
Argo service account does not have <random verb> on <random resource type> in namespace the-namespace-you-deleted. 
----
+

> This bug is fixed.

Reviewer: Please add JIRA IDs for all the bugs.

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * gitops/gitops-release-notes.adoc

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-3-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.3.2

{gitops-title} 1.3.2 is now available on {product-title} 4.6, 4.7, 4.8, and 4.9.

[id="new-features-1-3-2_{context}"]
== New features

In addition to the fixes and stability improvements, the following sections highlight what is new in {gitops-title} 1.3.2:

* Upgraded Argo CD to version *2.1.8*

* Upgraded Dex to version *2.30.0*

[id="fixed-issues-1-3-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

The following issues have been resolved in the current release:

> * Previously, the {gitops-title} did not appear in the `OperatorHub` when you filtered by "Disconnected" under the *Infrastructure Features*, since the Operator did not have the related annotation set in its CSV. With this update, the {gitops-title} is annotated with "Disconnected Cluster" as an *Infrastructure Feature* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1539[GITOPS-1539]

Reviewer 2: the {gitops-title} Operator
`Disconnected` We do not use double quotes to indicate GUI features/user entered values
CSV file?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, in the OperatorHub UI under the *Infrastructure Features* section, when you filtered by `Disconnected` the {gitops-title} Operator did not show in the search results, as the Operator did not have the related annotation set in its CSV file. With this update, the `Disconnected Cluster` annotation has been added to the {gitops-title} Operator as an infrastructure feature. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1539[GITOPS-1539]
```

Reviewer 2: the `Disconnected Cluster` - should this be `disconnected` see the [doc link](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/operators/operator_sdk/osdk-generating-csvs.html#olm-enabling-operator-for-restricted-network_osdk-generating-csvs) provided in [the issue](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1446) )

> * When using an "Namespace-scoped" argocd (e.g. one that is not scoped to All Namepsaces in a cluster), the {gitops-title} dynamically maintains a list of managed namespaces. These namespaces includes the `argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by` label. This list of namespaces gets cached in argocd *Settings > Clusters > "in-cluster" > NAMESPACES*. However, if one of these namespaces gets deleted, the operator doesn't seem to notice, and the namespace remains in that list. This breaks both the *CONNECTION STATE* in that cluster config, and also all sync attempts after the namespace gets deleted. The sync will show errors. For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* When using an "Namespace-scoped" argocd, for example, argocd that is not scoped to All Namepsaces in a cluster, the {gitops-title} dynamically maintains a list of managed namespaces. These namespaces include the `argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by` label. This list of namespaces is stored in a cache in argocd *Settings > Clusters > "in-cluster" > NAMESPACES*. Before this update, if you deleted one of these namespaces, the Operator ignored that, and the namespace remained in the list. This behavior broke the *CONNECTION STATE* in that cluster configuration, and all sync attempts resulted in errors. For example:
```
Most suggestions are based on the IBM SG. We should avoid using Latin abbreviations (e.g.) and using "cache" as a verb. Gets deleted is a bit colloquial. And we always describe previous problems with the past tenses.

> * When using an "Namespace-scoped" argocd, for example, argocd that is not scoped to *All Namepsaces* in a cluster, the {gitops-title} dynamically maintains a list of managed namespaces. These namespaces include the `argocd.argoproj.io/managed-by` label. This list of namespaces is stored in a cache in argocd *Settings > Clusters > "in-cluster" > NAMESPACES*. Before this update, if you deleted one of these namespaces, the Operator ignored that, and the namespace remained in the list. This behavior broke the *CONNECTION STATE* in that cluster configuration, and all sync attempts resulted in errors. For example:

Reviewer 2: - a `Namespace-scoped` Argo CD instance, 
- example, an Argo CD instance that is...
- argocd - Argo CD names of products need to be mentioned as is with the appropriate case, space etc. Please check all the instances in the PR.
- the {gitops-title}/{gitops-title} - An article is not required in this case.
- argocd *Settings > Clusters > "in-cluster" > NAMESPACES*./*Argo CD -> Settings -> Clusters -> "in-cluster" -> NAMESPACES*. Please go through the OCP doc contributing guidelines: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference

+
[source,text]
----

> Argo service account does not have <random verb> on <random resource type> in namespace the-namespace-you-deleted. 

Reviewer 2: Check System or software variable to be replaced by the user: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference Also see Supplementary style guide for more details.
<random_verb>
<random_resource_type>
the-namespace-you-deleted - add angular bracket and replace - with _

----
+
This bug is fixed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1521[GITOPS-1521]

> * {gitops-title} is annotated as "Deep Insights" under the *Capability* Level. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1519[GITOPS-1519]

Reviewer 2: This should be The {gitops-title} Operator
*Deep Insights*
Suggest: With this update, the {gitops-title} Operator has been annotated with the *Deep Insights* capability level.

> * Previously, the ArgoCD operator managed the `resource.exclusion` by itself but ignored the `resource.inclusion`. This prevented the Resource Inclusion configured in Argo CD CR to generate in the `argocd-cm configmap`. This bug is fixed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1518[GITOPS-1518]

Reviewer 2: Argo CD Operator
the `resource.exclusion`/`resource.inclusion` field
the `resource.inclusion` field configured in the `Argo CD` CR
`argocd-cm` configuration map
